gh-110722: Add PYTHON_PRESITE to import a module before site.py is run (#110769)
python/cpython: Doc/using/cmdline.rst

   If set, Python will dump objects and reference counts still alive after
   shutting down the interpreter.

   Needs Python configured with the :option:`--with-trace-refs` build option.

.. envvar:: PYTHONDUMPREFSFILE

   If set, Python will dump objects and reference counts still alive
   after shutting down the interpreter into a file under the path given
   as the value to this environment variable.

   Needs Python configured with the :option:`--with-trace-refs` build option.

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. envvar:: PYTHON_PRESITE

   If this variable is set to a module, that module will be imported

>    early in the interpreter lifecycle, before ``site.py`` is executed,

Reviewer: I like this doc the most, you should copy it in other places where you documented the feature :-) For example, the PyConfig doc is different and IMO misleading.

```suggestion
   early in the interpreter lifecycle, before the :mod:`site` module is executed,
```

I suggest to add:

I suggest:

```
It can be used to execute code early during Python initialization.
```

To highlight, that it's not only about *importing* a module, but also to execute it.

If you want, you can add:

```
It can be a sub-module of a package such as `package.module`.
```

   Need Python configured with the :option:`--with-trace-refs` build option.

.. envvar:: PYTHONDUMPREFSFILE

   If set, Python will dump objects and reference counts still alive
   after shutting down the interpreter into a file under the path given
   as the value to this environment variable.

   Need Python configured with the :option:`--with-trace-refs` build option.

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

> .. envvar:: PYTHON_PRESITE

Reviewer 2: Mention that this only applies to debug builds of CPython.

Author: This section of the docs is called "Debug-mode variables".

Reviewer: Other variables document which kind of build is needed. Either document here that a debug build is needed, or mention under "Debug-mode variables" title that a debug build is needed.

Author: Right, good point, I haven't realized `--with-trace-refs` doesn't require `--with-pydebug`. Incoming fix.

   Need Python configured with the :option:`--with-trace-refs` build option.

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

> .. envvar:: PYTHON_PRESITE=package.module

Reviewer: Sphinx is really stupid :-( With your syntax, it cannot create a reference from the -X option doc to this variable, it warns:

```
'envvar' reference target not found: PYTHON_PRESITE
```

I suggest:

```suggestion
.. envvar:: PYTHON_PRESITE
```

Author: If we want to change this back, we should also change `PYTHONDUMPREFSFILE=FILENAME
` above. I noticed and worked around this problem in references I made for Blurb and in cmdline.rst above.

Reviewer: Yeah, please change also PYTHONDUMPREFSFILE. There is a reference to this env var:

```
Misc/NEWS.d/3.11.0a1.rst:A debug variable :envvar:`PYTHONDUMPREFSFILE` is added for creating a dump
```

I don't know why Sphinx cannot handle this case.

Author: Changed in the upcoming push.
